LICENSE
MANIFEST.in
README.md
pyproject.toml
requirements.txt
src/sticker_convert/__init__.py
src/sticker_convert/__main__.py
src/sticker_convert/cli.py
src/sticker_convert/converter.py
src/sticker_convert/definitions.py
src/sticker_convert/gui.py
src/sticker_convert/job.py
src/sticker_convert/job_option.py
src/sticker_convert/version.py
src/sticker_convert.egg-info/PKG-INFO
src/sticker_convert.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
src/sticker_convert.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
src/sticker_convert.egg-info/entry_points.txt
src/sticker_convert.egg-info/requires.txt
src/sticker_convert.egg-info/top_level.txt
src/sticker_convert/auth/__init__.py
src/sticker_convert/auth/auth_base.py
src/sticker_convert/auth/auth_discord.py
src/sticker_convert/auth/auth_kakao_android_login.py
src/sticker_convert/auth/auth_kakao_desktop_login.py
src/sticker_convert/auth/auth_kakao_desktop_memdump.py
src/sticker_convert/auth/auth_line.py
src/sticker_convert/auth/auth_signal.py
src/sticker_convert/auth/auth_telethon.py
src/sticker_convert/auth/auth_viber.py
src/sticker_convert/auth/telegram_api.py
src/sticker_convert/downloaders/__init__.py
src/sticker_convert/downloaders/download_band.py
src/sticker_convert/downloaders/download_base.py
src/sticker_convert/downloaders/download_discord.py
src/sticker_convert/downloaders/download_kakao.py
src/sticker_convert/downloaders/download_line.py
src/sticker_convert/downloaders/download_ogq.py
src/sticker_convert/downloaders/download_signal.py
src/sticker_convert/downloaders/download_telegram.py
src/sticker_convert/downloaders/download_viber.py
src/sticker_convert/gui_components/__init__.py
src/sticker_convert/gui_components/gui_utils.py
src/sticker_convert/gui_components/frames/__init__.py
src/sticker_convert/gui_components/frames/comp_frame.py
src/sticker_convert/gui_components/frames/config_frame.py
src/sticker_convert/gui_components/frames/control_frame.py
src/sticker_convert/gui_components/frames/cred_frame.py
src/sticker_convert/gui_components/frames/input_frame.py
src/sticker_convert/gui_components/frames/output_frame.py
src/sticker_convert/gui_components/frames/progress_frame.py
src/sticker_convert/gui_components/frames/right_clicker.py
src/sticker_convert/gui_components/windows/__init__.py
src/sticker_convert/gui_components/windows/advanced_compression_window.py
src/sticker_convert/gui_components/windows/base_window.py
src/sticker_convert/gui_components/windows/discord_get_auth_window.py
src/sticker_convert/gui_components/windows/kakao_get_auth_window.py
src/sticker_convert/gui_components/windows/line_get_auth_window.py
src/sticker_convert/gui_components/windows/signal_get_auth_window.py
src/sticker_convert/gui_components/windows/viber_get_auth_window.py
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/.gitignore
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/README.md
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/.github/FUNDING.yml
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers/Info.plist
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers StickerPackExtension/Info.plist
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers StickerPackExtension/Stickers.xcstickers/Contents.json
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers StickerPackExtension/Stickers.xcstickers/Sticker Pack.stickerpack/Contents.json
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers StickerPackExtension/Stickers.xcstickers/Sticker Pack.stickerpack/Sticker 1.sticker/Contents.json
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers StickerPackExtension/Stickers.xcstickers/Sticker Pack.stickerpack/Sticker 1.sticker/Sticker 1.png
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers StickerPackExtension/Stickers.xcstickers/Sticker Pack.stickerpack/Sticker 2.sticker/Contents.json
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers StickerPackExtension/Stickers.xcstickers/Sticker Pack.stickerpack/Sticker 2.sticker/Sticker 2.png
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers StickerPackExtension/Stickers.xcstickers/Sticker Pack.stickerpack/Sticker 3.sticker/Contents.json
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers StickerPackExtension/Stickers.xcstickers/Sticker Pack.stickerpack/Sticker 3.sticker/Sticker 3.png
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers StickerPackExtension/Stickers.xcstickers/iMessage App Icon.stickersiconset/App-Store-1024x1024pt.png
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers StickerPackExtension/Stickers.xcstickers/iMessage App Icon.stickersiconset/Contents.json
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers StickerPackExtension/Stickers.xcstickers/iMessage App Icon.stickersiconset/Messages-App-Store-1024x768pt.png
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers StickerPackExtension/Stickers.xcstickers/iMessage App Icon.stickersiconset/Messages-iPad-67x50pt@2x.png
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers StickerPackExtension/Stickers.xcstickers/iMessage App Icon.stickersiconset/Messages-iPad-Pro-74x55pt@2x.png
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers StickerPackExtension/Stickers.xcstickers/iMessage App Icon.stickersiconset/Messages-iPhone-60x45pt@2x.png
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers StickerPackExtension/Stickers.xcstickers/iMessage App Icon.stickersiconset/Messages-iPhone-60x45pt@3x.png
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers StickerPackExtension/Stickers.xcstickers/iMessage App Icon.stickersiconset/Messages27x20pt@2x.png
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers StickerPackExtension/Stickers.xcstickers/iMessage App Icon.stickersiconset/Messages27x20pt@3x.png
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers StickerPackExtension/Stickers.xcstickers/iMessage App Icon.stickersiconset/Messages32x24pt@2x.png
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers StickerPackExtension/Stickers.xcstickers/iMessage App Icon.stickersiconset/Messages32x24pt@3x.png
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers StickerPackExtension/Stickers.xcstickers/iMessage App Icon.stickersiconset/iPad-Settings-29pt@2x.png
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers StickerPackExtension/Stickers.xcstickers/iMessage App Icon.stickersiconset/iPhone-Settings-29pt@3x.png
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers StickerPackExtension/Stickers.xcstickers/iMessage App Icon.stickersiconset/iPhone-settings-29pt@2x.png
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers.xcodeproj/project.xcworkspace/contents.xcworkspacedata
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers.xcodeproj/project.xcworkspace/xcshareddata/IDEWorkspaceChecks.plist
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers.xcodeproj/project.xcworkspace/xcuserdata/niklaspeterson.xcuserdatad/UserInterfaceState.xcuserstate
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers.xcodeproj/xcuserdata/niklaspeterson.xcuserdatad/xcschemes/xcschememanagement.plist
src/sticker_convert/resources/NotoColorEmoji.ttf
src/sticker_convert/resources/appicon.icns
src/sticker_convert/resources/appicon.ico
src/sticker_convert/resources/appicon.png
src/sticker_convert/resources/compression.json
src/sticker_convert/resources/emoji.json
src/sticker_convert/resources/help.json
src/sticker_convert/resources/input.json
src/sticker_convert/resources/memdump_linux.sh
src/sticker_convert/resources/memdump_windows.ps1
src/sticker_convert/resources/output.json
src/sticker_convert/uploaders/__init__.py
src/sticker_convert/uploaders/compress_wastickers.py
src/sticker_convert/uploaders/upload_base.py
src/sticker_convert/uploaders/upload_signal.py
src/sticker_convert/uploaders/upload_telegram.py
src/sticker_convert/uploaders/upload_viber.py
src/sticker_convert/uploaders/xcode_imessage.py
src/sticker_convert/utils/callback.py
src/sticker_convert/utils/chrome_remotedebug.py
src/sticker_convert/utils/emoji.py
src/sticker_convert/utils/process.py
src/sticker_convert/utils/singletons.py
src/sticker_convert/utils/url_detect.py
src/sticker_convert/utils/chromiums/linux.py
src/sticker_convert/utils/chromiums/osx.py
src/sticker_convert/utils/chromiums/windows.py
src/sticker_convert/utils/files/cache_store.py
src/sticker_convert/utils/files/json_manager.py
src/sticker_convert/utils/files/json_resources_loader.py
src/sticker_convert/utils/files/metadata_handler.py
src/sticker_convert/utils/files/run_bin.py
src/sticker_convert/utils/files/sanitize_filename.py
src/sticker_convert/utils/media/apple_png_normalize.py
src/sticker_convert/utils/media/codec_info.py
src/sticker_convert/utils/media/decrypt_kakao.py
src/sticker_convert/utils/media/format_verify.py
tests/test_compression.py
tests/test_download.py
tests/test_export.py