LICENSE
README.md
pyproject.toml
src/Toisto.egg-info/PKG-INFO
src/Toisto.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
src/Toisto.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
src/Toisto.egg-info/entry_points.txt
src/Toisto.egg-info/requires.txt
src/Toisto.egg-info/top_level.txt
src/concepts/CN1.1.json
src/concepts/__init__.py
src/concepts/auxiliary_verbs.json
src/concepts/city.json
src/concepts/clothes.json
src/concepts/furniture.json
src/concepts/health.json
src/concepts/house.json
src/concepts/interrogative.json
src/concepts/linguistics.json
src/concepts/little_words.json
src/concepts/money.json
src/concepts/nature.json
src/concepts/possessive_adjectives.json
src/concepts/professions.json
src/concepts/sentence_types.json
src/concepts/time.json
src/concepts/travel.json
src/concepts/weather.json
src/concepts/SM/SM1/SM1.1.json
src/concepts/SM/SM1/SM1.2.json
src/concepts/SM/SM1/SM1.3.json
src/concepts/SM/SM1/SM1.4.json
src/concepts/SM/SM1/SM1.5.json
src/concepts/SM/SM1/SM1.6.json
src/concepts/SM/SM1/SM1.7.json
src/concepts/SM/SM1/SM1.8.json
src/concepts/SM/SM1/SM1.9.json
src/concepts/SM/SM2/SM2.1.json
src/concepts/SM/SM2/SM2.2.json
src/concepts/SM/SM2/SM2.3.json
src/concepts/SM/SM2/SM2.4.json
src/concepts/SM/SM2/SM2.5.json
src/concepts/SM/SM2/SM2.6.json
src/concepts/adjectives/active.json
src/concepts/adjectives/all kinds of.json
src/concepts/adjectives/awesome.json
src/concepts/adjectives/bad.json
src/concepts/adjectives/beautiful.json
src/concepts/adjectives/big.json
src/concepts/adjectives/bilingual.json
src/concepts/adjectives/boring.json
src/concepts/adjectives/brave.json
src/concepts/adjectives/bright.json
src/concepts/adjectives/by.json
src/concepts/adjectives/cheap.json
src/concepts/adjectives/cheerful.json
src/concepts/adjectives/closed.json
src/concepts/adjectives/cold.json
src/concepts/adjectives/common.json
src/concepts/adjectives/comprehensive.json
src/concepts/adjectives/cool.json
src/concepts/adjectives/crazy.json
src/concepts/adjectives/current.json
src/concepts/adjectives/cute.json
src/concepts/adjectives/dark.json
src/concepts/adjectives/dead.json
src/concepts/adjectives/delicious.json
src/concepts/adjectives/different.json
src/concepts/adjectives/distant.json
src/concepts/adjectives/divorced.json
src/concepts/adjectives/dry.json
src/concepts/adjectives/dumb.json
src/concepts/adjectives/early.json
src/concepts/adjectives/easy.json
src/concepts/adjectives/energetic.json
src/concepts/adjectives/engaged.json
src/concepts/adjectives/enthusiastic.json
src/concepts/adjectives/excellent.json
src/concepts/adjectives/expensive.json
src/concepts/adjectives/famous.json
src/concepts/adjectives/fast.json
src/concepts/adjectives/fat-free.json
src/concepts/adjectives/fed up.json
src/concepts/adjectives/few.json
src/concepts/adjectives/found.json
src/concepts/adjectives/free.json
src/concepts/adjectives/fresh.json
src/concepts/adjectives/friendly.json
src/concepts/adjectives/funny.json
src/concepts/adjectives/general.json
src/concepts/adjectives/good.json
src/concepts/adjectives/gorgeous.json
src/concepts/adjectives/greasy.json
src/concepts/adjectives/half.json
src/concepts/adjectives/happy.json
src/concepts/adjectives/hard.json
src/concepts/adjectives/healthy.json
src/concepts/adjectives/honest.json
src/concepts/adjectives/horrible.json
src/concepts/adjectives/hot.json
src/concepts/adjectives/hurried.json
src/concepts/adjectives/important.json
src/concepts/adjectives/in love.json
src/concepts/adjectives/injured.json
src/concepts/adjectives/insane.json
src/concepts/adjectives/last.json
src/concepts/adjectives/light.json
src/concepts/adjectives/limited.json
src/concepts/adjectives/local.json
src/concepts/adjectives/long.json
src/concepts/adjectives/lost.json
src/concepts/adjectives/many.json
src/concepts/adjectives/married.json
src/concepts/adjectives/mild.json
src/concepts/adjectives/narrow.json
src/concepts/adjectives/naughty.json
src/concepts/adjectives/negative.json
src/concepts/adjectives/new.json
src/concepts/adjectives/nice.json
src/concepts/adjectives/old.json
src/concepts/adjectives/open.json
src/concepts/adjectives/ordinary.json
src/concepts/adjectives/physical.json
src/concepts/adjectives/polluted.json
src/concepts/adjectives/popular.json
src/concepts/adjectives/positive.json
src/concepts/adjectives/quiet.json
src/concepts/adjectives/raw.json
src/concepts/adjectives/relaxed.json
src/concepts/adjectives/rich.json
src/concepts/adjectives/ripe.json
src/concepts/adjectives/round.json
src/concepts/adjectives/salty.json
src/concepts/adjectives/same.json
src/concepts/adjectives/short.json
src/concepts/adjectives/sick.json
src/concepts/adjectives/slow.json
src/concepts/adjectives/small.json
src/concepts/adjectives/soft.json
src/concepts/adjectives/sole.json
src/concepts/adjectives/sour.json
src/concepts/adjectives/special.json
src/concepts/adjectives/spicy.json
src/concepts/adjectives/strange.json
src/concepts/adjectives/strong.json
src/concepts/adjectives/successful.json
src/concepts/adjectives/suitable.json
src/concepts/adjectives/sweet.json
src/concepts/adjectives/tasty.json
src/concepts/adjectives/tender.json
src/concepts/adjectives/thin.json
src/concepts/adjectives/ugly.json
src/concepts/adjectives/valuable.json
src/concepts/adjectives/warm.json
src/concepts/adjectives/weak.json
src/concepts/adjectives/wet.json
src/concepts/adjectives/whole.json
src/concepts/adjectives/wise.json
src/concepts/adjectives/worn.json
src/concepts/adjectives/young.json
src/concepts/adpositions/after.json
src/concepts/adpositions/all over.json
src/concepts/adpositions/around.json
src/concepts/adpositions/at.json
src/concepts/adpositions/behind.json
src/concepts/adpositions/below.json
src/concepts/adpositions/between.json
src/concepts/adpositions/during.json
src/concepts/adpositions/in front of.json
src/concepts/adpositions/in the middle.json
src/concepts/adpositions/next to.json
src/concepts/adpositions/on top of.json
src/concepts/adpositions/prior to.json
src/concepts/adpositions/to the left.json
src/concepts/adpositions/to the right.json
src/concepts/adpositions/to.json
src/concepts/adpositions/via.json
src/concepts/adpositions/with.json
src/concepts/adpositions/without.json
src/concepts/adverbs/a great deal.json
src/concepts/adverbs/accidentally.json
src/concepts/adverbs/accurately.json
src/concepts/adverbs/actively.json
src/concepts/adverbs/actually.json
src/concepts/adverbs/additionally.json
src/concepts/adverbs/after.json
src/concepts/adverbs/again.json
src/concepts/adverbs/almost.json
src/concepts/adverbs/also.json
src/concepts/adverbs/although.json
src/concepts/adverbs/at the destination.json
src/concepts/adverbs/at the lastest.json
src/concepts/adverbs/back.json
src/concepts/adverbs/before.json
src/concepts/adverbs/broken.json
src/concepts/adverbs/coming from.json
src/concepts/adverbs/conveniently.json
src/concepts/adverbs/currently.json
src/concepts/adverbs/easily.json
src/concepts/adverbs/especially.json
src/concepts/adverbs/even.json
src/concepts/adverbs/eventually.json
src/concepts/adverbs/far.json
src/concepts/adverbs/finally.json
src/concepts/adverbs/first.json
src/concepts/adverbs/from afar.json
src/concepts/adverbs/full.json
src/concepts/adverbs/gladly.json
src/concepts/adverbs/handily.json
src/concepts/adverbs/here.json
src/concepts/adverbs/however.json
src/concepts/adverbs/immediately.json
src/concepts/adverbs/in vain.json
src/concepts/adverbs/inside.json
src/concepts/adverbs/instead.json
src/concepts/adverbs/just.json
src/concepts/adverbs/late.json
src/concepts/adverbs/long.json
src/concepts/adverbs/maybe.json
src/concepts/adverbs/more.json
src/concepts/adverbs/near.json
src/concepts/adverbs/never.json
src/concepts/adverbs/next.json
src/concepts/adverbs/occasionally.json
src/concepts/adverbs/of course.json
src/concepts/adverbs/often.json
src/concepts/adverbs/one after another.json
src/concepts/adverbs/only.json
src/concepts/adverbs/out.json
src/concepts/adverbs/quite.json
src/concepts/adverbs/really.json
src/concepts/adverbs/regularly.json
src/concepts/adverbs/seldom.json
src/concepts/adverbs/simultaneously.json
src/concepts/adverbs/sometimes.json
src/concepts/adverbs/somewhere.json
src/concepts/adverbs/suddenly.json
src/concepts/adverbs/there.json
src/concepts/adverbs/thief.json
src/concepts/adverbs/today.json
src/concepts/adverbs/tomorrow.json
src/concepts/adverbs/topsy-turvy.json
src/concepts/adverbs/up.json
src/concepts/adverbs/well.json
src/concepts/adverbs/whereas.json
src/concepts/adverbs/yesterday.json
src/concepts/adverbs/yet.json
src/concepts/conjunctions/and.json
src/concepts/conjunctions/as well as.json
src/concepts/conjunctions/because.json
src/concepts/conjunctions/but.json
src/concepts/conjunctions/if.json
src/concepts/conjunctions/so that.json
src/concepts/conjunctions/that is to say.json
src/concepts/conjunctions/though.json
src/concepts/determiners/a certain.json
src/concepts/determiners/every.json
src/concepts/determiners/many.json
src/concepts/mixed/colors.json
src/concepts/mixed/food.json
src/concepts/mixed/holidays.json
src/concepts/mixed/seasons.json
src/concepts/names/days/friday.json
src/concepts/names/days/monday.json
src/concepts/names/days/saturday.json
src/concepts/names/days/sunday.json
src/concepts/names/days/thursday.json
src/concepts/names/days/tuesday.json
src/concepts/names/days/wednesday.json
src/concepts/names/geographical/africa.json
src/concepts/names/geographical/america.json
src/concepts/names/geographical/asia.json
src/concepts/names/geographical/australia.json
src/concepts/names/geographical/belgium.json
src/concepts/names/geographical/brazil.json
src/concepts/names/geographical/china.json
src/concepts/names/geographical/denmark.json
src/concepts/names/geographical/egypt.json
src/concepts/names/geographical/england.json
src/concepts/names/geographical/estonia.json
src/concepts/names/geographical/europe.json
src/concepts/names/geographical/finland.json
src/concepts/names/geographical/france.json
src/concepts/names/geographical/germany.json
src/concepts/names/geographical/greece.json
src/concepts/names/geographical/helsinki.json
src/concepts/names/geographical/hungary.json
src/concepts/names/geographical/iceland.json
src/concepts/names/geographical/italy.json
src/concepts/names/geographical/japan.json
src/concepts/names/geographical/korea.json
src/concepts/names/geographical/latvia.json
src/concepts/names/geographical/lithuania.json
src/concepts/names/geographical/middle east.json
src/concepts/names/geographical/norway.json
src/concepts/names/geographical/pakistan.json
src/concepts/names/geographical/poland.json
src/concepts/names/geographical/portugal.json
src/concepts/names/geographical/russia.json
src/concepts/names/geographical/saint petersburg.json
src/concepts/names/geographical/south africa.json
src/concepts/names/geographical/spain.json
src/concepts/names/geographical/sweden.json
src/concepts/names/geographical/tallinn.json
src/concepts/names/geographical/the netherlands.json
src/concepts/names/geographical/turku.json
src/concepts/names/institutions/Digi- ja väestötietovirasto.json
src/concepts/names/institutions/Kansaneläkelaitos.json
src/concepts/names/institutions/Maahanmuuttovirasto.json
src/concepts/names/institutions/Tilastokeskus.json
src/concepts/names/institutions/Työ- ja elinkeinotoimisto.json
src/concepts/names/institutions/maistraatti.json
src/concepts/names/months/april.json
src/concepts/names/months/august.json
src/concepts/names/months/december.json
src/concepts/names/months/february.json
src/concepts/names/months/january.json
src/concepts/names/months/july.json
src/concepts/names/months/june.json
src/concepts/names/months/march.json
src/concepts/names/months/may.json
src/concepts/names/months/november.json
src/concepts/names/months/october.json
src/concepts/names/months/september.json
src/concepts/nouns/ability.json
src/concepts/nouns/accent.json
src/concepts/nouns/accomodation.json
src/concepts/nouns/actor.json
src/concepts/nouns/adder.json
src/concepts/nouns/adult education center.json
src/concepts/nouns/adult.json
src/concepts/nouns/advice.json
src/concepts/nouns/age.json
src/concepts/nouns/air.json
src/concepts/nouns/allergy.json
src/concepts/nouns/allowance.json
src/concepts/nouns/alphabet.json
src/concepts/nouns/alternative.json
src/concepts/nouns/ambulance.json
src/concepts/nouns/amount.json
src/concepts/nouns/animal.json
src/concepts/nouns/ankle.json
src/concepts/nouns/answer.json
src/concepts/nouns/ant.json
src/concepts/nouns/anxiety.json
src/concepts/nouns/apartment.json
src/concepts/nouns/appetite.json
src/concepts/nouns/application.json
src/concepts/nouns/appointment.json
src/concepts/nouns/area.json
src/concepts/nouns/arm.json
src/concepts/nouns/art.json
src/concepts/nouns/association.json
src/concepts/nouns/atmosphere.json
src/concepts/nouns/attachment.json
src/concepts/nouns/attraction.json
src/concepts/nouns/audience.json
src/concepts/nouns/authority.json
src/concepts/nouns/back.json
src/concepts/nouns/bacterium.json
src/concepts/nouns/badminton.json
src/concepts/nouns/bag.json
src/concepts/nouns/ball.json
src/concepts/nouns/band.json
src/concepts/nouns/bank.json
src/concepts/nouns/bar.json
src/concepts/nouns/baseball.json
src/concepts/nouns/basement.json
src/concepts/nouns/basketball.json
src/concepts/nouns/bass.json
src/concepts/nouns/bay.json
src/concepts/nouns/beach.json
src/concepts/nouns/bear.json
src/concepts/nouns/beard.json
src/concepts/nouns/beauty.json
src/concepts/nouns/bed.json
src/concepts/nouns/bee.json
src/concepts/nouns/belly.json
src/concepts/nouns/bicycle.json
src/concepts/nouns/bill.json
src/concepts/nouns/biology.json
src/concepts/nouns/birch.json
src/concepts/nouns/bird.json
src/concepts/nouns/birth.json
src/concepts/nouns/body.json
src/concepts/nouns/bone.json
src/concepts/nouns/book.json
src/concepts/nouns/boss.json
src/concepts/nouns/bottom.json
src/concepts/nouns/bowling.json
src/concepts/nouns/boy.json
src/concepts/nouns/brain.json
src/concepts/nouns/branch.json
src/concepts/nouns/break.json
src/concepts/nouns/breast.json
src/concepts/nouns/bridge.json
src/concepts/nouns/brochure.json
src/concepts/nouns/brush.json
src/concepts/nouns/bureau.json
src/concepts/nouns/burglar.json
src/concepts/nouns/bush.json
src/concepts/nouns/butterfly.json
src/concepts/nouns/cabin.json
src/concepts/nouns/cabinet.json
src/concepts/nouns/cake.json
src/concepts/nouns/calculator.json
src/concepts/nouns/call.json
src/concepts/nouns/cannon.json
src/concepts/nouns/canteen.json
src/concepts/nouns/cape.json
src/concepts/nouns/capital.json
src/concepts/nouns/car.json
src/concepts/nouns/carbon.json
src/concepts/nouns/cat.json
src/concepts/nouns/certificate.json
src/concepts/nouns/chair.json
src/concepts/nouns/chapter.json
src/concepts/nouns/check.json
src/concepts/nouns/cheek.json
src/concepts/nouns/cheese.json
src/concepts/nouns/cheetah.json
src/concepts/nouns/chemistry.json
src/concepts/nouns/chess.json
src/concepts/nouns/child.json
src/concepts/nouns/choir.json
src/concepts/nouns/christening.json
src/concepts/nouns/circus.json
src/concepts/nouns/city.json
src/concepts/nouns/class.json
src/concepts/nouns/clerk.json
src/concepts/nouns/clog.json
src/concepts/nouns/club.json
src/concepts/nouns/coast.json
src/concepts/nouns/code.json
src/concepts/nouns/coffee.json
src/concepts/nouns/cohabitant.json
src/concepts/nouns/collection.json
src/concepts/nouns/color.json
src/concepts/nouns/company.json
src/concepts/nouns/compartment.json
src/concepts/nouns/compass.json
src/concepts/nouns/compensation.json
src/concepts/nouns/complaint.json
src/concepts/nouns/computer.json
src/concepts/nouns/concert.json
src/concepts/nouns/confirmation.json
src/concepts/nouns/continent.json
src/concepts/nouns/contract.json
src/concepts/nouns/conversation.json
src/concepts/nouns/cooking.json
src/concepts/nouns/copier.json
src/concepts/nouns/corner.json
src/concepts/nouns/cough.json
src/concepts/nouns/country.json
src/concepts/nouns/course.json
src/concepts/nouns/cousin.json
src/concepts/nouns/cow.json
src/concepts/nouns/crab.json
src/concepts/nouns/crow.json
src/concepts/nouns/culture.json
src/concepts/nouns/cup.json
src/concepts/nouns/curtain.json
src/concepts/nouns/customer.json
src/concepts/nouns/cycling.json
src/concepts/nouns/damage.json
src/concepts/nouns/dance.json
src/concepts/nouns/day.json
src/concepts/nouns/decision.json
src/concepts/nouns/deck.json
src/concepts/nouns/deductible.json
src/concepts/nouns/deer.json
src/concepts/nouns/degree.json
src/concepts/nouns/denture.json
src/concepts/nouns/department.json
src/concepts/nouns/departure.json
src/concepts/nouns/depth.json
src/concepts/nouns/device.json
src/concepts/nouns/devil.json
src/concepts/nouns/dialect.json
src/concepts/nouns/die.json
src/concepts/nouns/dirt.json
src/concepts/nouns/discount.json
src/concepts/nouns/divorce.json
src/concepts/nouns/document.json
src/concepts/nouns/dog.json
src/concepts/nouns/donkey.json
src/concepts/nouns/door.json
src/concepts/nouns/drawing.json
src/concepts/nouns/dream.json
src/concepts/nouns/drill.json
src/concepts/nouns/drum.json
src/concepts/nouns/duck.json
src/concepts/nouns/duvet.json
src/concepts/nouns/eagle.json
src/concepts/nouns/ear.json
src/concepts/nouns/earth.json
src/concepts/nouns/east.json
src/concepts/nouns/economy.json
src/concepts/nouns/elbow.json
src/concepts/nouns/elephant.json
src/concepts/nouns/email.json
src/concepts/nouns/employee.json
src/concepts/nouns/employer.json
src/concepts/nouns/end.json
src/concepts/nouns/engagement.json
src/concepts/nouns/engineer.json
src/concepts/nouns/episode.json
src/concepts/nouns/evening.json
src/concepts/nouns/event.json
src/concepts/nouns/everyman.json
src/concepts/nouns/example.json
src/concepts/nouns/excursion.json
src/concepts/nouns/exercise.json
src/concepts/nouns/experience.json
src/concepts/nouns/eye.json
src/concepts/nouns/face.json
src/concepts/nouns/fact.json
src/concepts/nouns/fair.json
src/concepts/nouns/family.json
src/concepts/nouns/fashion.json
src/concepts/nouns/feeling.json
src/concepts/nouns/festival.json
src/concepts/nouns/field.json
src/concepts/nouns/finger.json
src/concepts/nouns/fireworks.json
src/concepts/nouns/first aid.json
src/concepts/nouns/fish.json
src/concepts/nouns/fishing.json
src/concepts/nouns/flea.json
src/concepts/nouns/floorball.json
src/concepts/nouns/floorcloth.json
src/concepts/nouns/flu.json
src/concepts/nouns/flute.json
src/concepts/nouns/fly.json
src/concepts/nouns/foot.json
src/concepts/nouns/football.json
src/concepts/nouns/forest.json
src/concepts/nouns/form.json
src/concepts/nouns/fox.json
src/concepts/nouns/friend.json
src/concepts/nouns/frog.json
src/concepts/nouns/fruit.json
src/concepts/nouns/funeral.json
src/concepts/nouns/future.json
src/concepts/nouns/galaxy.json
src/concepts/nouns/game.json
src/concepts/nouns/garage.json
src/concepts/nouns/gate.json
src/concepts/nouns/gathering.json
src/concepts/nouns/genital.json
src/concepts/nouns/girl.json
src/concepts/nouns/glove.json
src/concepts/nouns/golf.json
src/concepts/nouns/goose.json
src/concepts/nouns/gorilla.json
src/concepts/nouns/grandchild.json
src/concepts/nouns/grandparent.json
src/concepts/nouns/grass.json
src/concepts/nouns/greeting.json
src/concepts/nouns/group.json
src/concepts/nouns/guide.json
src/concepts/nouns/guitar.json
src/concepts/nouns/gull.json
src/concepts/nouns/gym.json
src/concepts/nouns/gymnastics.json
src/concepts/nouns/hair.json
src/concepts/nouns/hand.json
src/concepts/nouns/hare.json
src/concepts/nouns/hawk.json
src/concepts/nouns/hay.json
src/concepts/nouns/head.json
src/concepts/nouns/heart.json
src/concepts/nouns/heaven.json
src/concepts/nouns/hedgehog.json
src/concepts/nouns/height.json
src/concepts/nouns/helpdesk.json
src/concepts/nouns/herring.json
src/concepts/nouns/hiking.json
src/concepts/nouns/hill.json
src/concepts/nouns/history.json
src/concepts/nouns/hobby.json
src/concepts/nouns/hole.json
src/concepts/nouns/holiday.json
src/concepts/nouns/homework.json
src/concepts/nouns/honor.json
src/concepts/nouns/hood.json
src/concepts/nouns/horn.json
src/concepts/nouns/horse.json
src/concepts/nouns/hostel.json
src/concepts/nouns/hotdog.json
src/concepts/nouns/housemate.json
src/concepts/nouns/hunting.json
src/concepts/nouns/hurry.json
src/concepts/nouns/hyötyliikunta.json
src/concepts/nouns/ice cream.json
src/concepts/nouns/ice hockey.json
src/concepts/nouns/idea.json
src/concepts/nouns/identification.json
src/concepts/nouns/identity.json
src/concepts/nouns/importance.json
src/concepts/nouns/inflammation.json
src/concepts/nouns/insect.json
src/concepts/nouns/instruction.json
src/concepts/nouns/insurance.json
src/concepts/nouns/internet.json
src/concepts/nouns/invitation.json
src/concepts/nouns/island.json
src/concepts/nouns/jaw.json
src/concepts/nouns/job.json
src/concepts/nouns/jog.json
src/concepts/nouns/joke.json
src/concepts/nouns/joy.json
src/concepts/nouns/jump.json
src/concepts/nouns/kick.json
src/concepts/nouns/kidney.json
src/concepts/nouns/kiosk.json
src/concepts/nouns/knee.json
src/concepts/nouns/knowledge.json
src/concepts/nouns/lace.json
src/concepts/nouns/lake.json
src/concepts/nouns/lamp.json
src/concepts/nouns/landlord.json
src/concepts/nouns/landscape.json
src/concepts/nouns/language.json
src/concepts/nouns/laptop.json
src/concepts/nouns/laudeliina.json
src/concepts/nouns/laundry.json
src/concepts/nouns/leave.json
src/concepts/nouns/leg.json
src/concepts/nouns/length.json
src/concepts/nouns/letter.json
src/concepts/nouns/license.json
src/concepts/nouns/lichen.json
src/concepts/nouns/life.json
src/concepts/nouns/linden.json
src/concepts/nouns/line.json
src/concepts/nouns/link.json
src/concepts/nouns/lip.json
src/concepts/nouns/literature.json
src/concepts/nouns/liver.json
src/concepts/nouns/lock.json
src/concepts/nouns/log.json
src/concepts/nouns/loop.json
src/concepts/nouns/louse.json
src/concepts/nouns/love.json
src/concepts/nouns/luck.json
src/concepts/nouns/luggage.json
src/concepts/nouns/lunch.json
src/concepts/nouns/lung.json
src/concepts/nouns/löyly.json
src/concepts/nouns/machine.json
src/concepts/nouns/man.json
src/concepts/nouns/manner.json
src/concepts/nouns/maple.json
src/concepts/nouns/marathon.json
src/concepts/nouns/market.json
src/concepts/nouns/marriage.json
src/concepts/nouns/match.json
src/concepts/nouns/mathematics.json
src/concepts/nouns/meeting.json
src/concepts/nouns/memory.json
src/concepts/nouns/mess.json
src/concepts/nouns/metre.json
src/concepts/nouns/minus.json
src/concepts/nouns/mnemonic.json
src/concepts/nouns/model.json
src/concepts/nouns/month.json
src/concepts/nouns/moon.json
src/concepts/nouns/moose.json
src/concepts/nouns/morning.json
src/concepts/nouns/mosquito.json
src/concepts/nouns/moss.json
src/concepts/nouns/mountain.json
src/concepts/nouns/mouse.json
src/concepts/nouns/mouth.json
src/concepts/nouns/movables.json
src/concepts/nouns/movie.json
src/concepts/nouns/municipality.json
src/concepts/nouns/muscle.json
src/concepts/nouns/mushroom.json
src/concepts/nouns/music.json
src/concepts/nouns/mölkky.json
src/concepts/nouns/name.json
src/concepts/nouns/nationality.json
src/concepts/nouns/nature.json
src/concepts/nouns/neck.json
src/concepts/nouns/news.json
src/concepts/nouns/night.json
src/concepts/nouns/north.json
src/concepts/nouns/nose.json
src/concepts/nouns/notification.json
src/concepts/nouns/novelty.json
src/concepts/nouns/number.json
src/concepts/nouns/oak.json
src/concepts/nouns/objective.json
src/concepts/nouns/onion.json
src/concepts/nouns/opportunity.json
src/concepts/nouns/orange.json
src/concepts/nouns/orchestra.json
src/concepts/nouns/organ.json
src/concepts/nouns/outdoor acitivity.json
src/concepts/nouns/overtime.json
src/concepts/nouns/owl.json
src/concepts/nouns/page.json
src/concepts/nouns/paint.json
src/concepts/nouns/painter.json
src/concepts/nouns/painting.json
src/concepts/nouns/pair.json
src/concepts/nouns/parachute.json
src/concepts/nouns/paragraph.json
src/concepts/nouns/parent.json
src/concepts/nouns/party.json
src/concepts/nouns/passport.json
src/concepts/nouns/password.json
src/concepts/nouns/past.json
src/concepts/nouns/pavement.json
src/concepts/nouns/payment.json
src/concepts/nouns/pencil.json
src/concepts/nouns/perch.json
src/concepts/nouns/permit.json
src/concepts/nouns/perpetrator.json
src/concepts/nouns/pet.json
src/concepts/nouns/phone.json
src/concepts/nouns/photography.json
src/concepts/nouns/phrase.json
src/concepts/nouns/physics.json
src/concepts/nouns/piano.json
src/concepts/nouns/pig.json
src/concepts/nouns/pigeon.json
src/concepts/nouns/pike.json
src/concepts/nouns/pin.json
src/concepts/nouns/pine.json
src/concepts/nouns/planet.json
src/concepts/nouns/plant.json
src/concepts/nouns/platform.json
src/concepts/nouns/plus.json
src/concepts/nouns/poem.json
src/concepts/nouns/poetry.json
src/concepts/nouns/police.json
src/concepts/nouns/pool.json
src/concepts/nouns/portrait.json
src/concepts/nouns/present.json
src/concepts/nouns/printer.json
src/concepts/nouns/profession.json
src/concepts/nouns/program.json
src/concepts/nouns/project.json
src/concepts/nouns/pronunciation.json
src/concepts/nouns/protection.json
src/concepts/nouns/provisions.json
src/concepts/nouns/pub.json
src/concepts/nouns/pupil.json
src/concepts/nouns/question.json
src/concepts/nouns/rabbit.json
src/concepts/nouns/rash.json
src/concepts/nouns/reason.json
src/concepts/nouns/reflector.json
src/concepts/nouns/relationship.json
src/concepts/nouns/relative.json
src/concepts/nouns/renovation.json
src/concepts/nouns/report.json
src/concepts/nouns/research.json
src/concepts/nouns/reservation.json
src/concepts/nouns/result.json
src/concepts/nouns/return.json
src/concepts/nouns/rhinitis.json
src/concepts/nouns/rhino.json
src/concepts/nouns/ride.json
src/concepts/nouns/rink.json
src/concepts/nouns/river.json
src/concepts/nouns/rock.json
src/concepts/nouns/rowan.json
src/concepts/nouns/rubber.json
src/concepts/nouns/rule.json
src/concepts/nouns/running.json
src/concepts/nouns/sailing.json
src/concepts/nouns/salary.json
src/concepts/nouns/salmon.json
src/concepts/nouns/sand.json
src/concepts/nouns/sauna.json
src/concepts/nouns/saxophone.json
src/concepts/nouns/schedule.json
src/concepts/nouns/school.json
src/concepts/nouns/sculptor.json
src/concepts/nouns/sculpture.json
src/concepts/nouns/sea.json
src/concepts/nouns/secret.json
src/concepts/nouns/sense.json
src/concepts/nouns/service.json
src/concepts/nouns/shank.json
src/concepts/nouns/sharpener.json
src/concepts/nouns/sheep.json
src/concepts/nouns/shelf.json
src/concepts/nouns/shift.json
src/concepts/nouns/shoulder.json
src/concepts/nouns/sibling.json
src/concepts/nouns/sickness.json
src/concepts/nouns/signature.json
src/concepts/nouns/situation.json
src/concepts/nouns/skating.json
src/concepts/nouns/sketch.json
src/concepts/nouns/skiing.json
src/concepts/nouns/skin.json
src/concepts/nouns/sky.json
src/concepts/nouns/snail.json
src/concepts/nouns/snake.json
src/concepts/nouns/solar system.json
src/concepts/nouns/solution.json
src/concepts/nouns/song.json
src/concepts/nouns/soup.json
src/concepts/nouns/source.json
src/concepts/nouns/south.json
src/concepts/nouns/space.json
src/concepts/nouns/spectator.json
src/concepts/nouns/speech.json
src/concepts/nouns/spider.json
src/concepts/nouns/sport.json
src/concepts/nouns/spouse.json
src/concepts/nouns/sprout.json
src/concepts/nouns/spruce.json
src/concepts/nouns/squirrel.json
src/concepts/nouns/star.json
src/concepts/nouns/station.json
src/concepts/nouns/statue.json
src/concepts/nouns/steering wheel.json
src/concepts/nouns/stomach.json
src/concepts/nouns/stone.json
src/concepts/nouns/store.json
src/concepts/nouns/story.json
src/concepts/nouns/stove.json
src/concepts/nouns/strait.json
src/concepts/nouns/stress.json
src/concepts/nouns/student.json
src/concepts/nouns/study.json
src/concepts/nouns/style.json
src/concepts/nouns/suffix.json
src/concepts/nouns/sun.json
src/concepts/nouns/swamp.json
src/concepts/nouns/swan.json
src/concepts/nouns/swap.json
src/concepts/nouns/swimming.json
src/concepts/nouns/syllable.json
src/concepts/nouns/table.json
src/concepts/nouns/tail.json
src/concepts/nouns/tax.json
src/concepts/nouns/teacher.json
src/concepts/nouns/team.json
src/concepts/nouns/technology.json
src/concepts/nouns/television.json
src/concepts/nouns/tennis.json
src/concepts/nouns/tense.json
src/concepts/nouns/tent.json
src/concepts/nouns/terminal.json
src/concepts/nouns/test.json
src/concepts/nouns/theft.json
src/concepts/nouns/thermometer.json
src/concepts/nouns/thing.json
src/concepts/nouns/throat.json
src/concepts/nouns/thumb.json
src/concepts/nouns/thunder.json
src/concepts/nouns/tick.json
src/concepts/nouns/ticket.json
src/concepts/nouns/timetable.json
src/concepts/nouns/timing.json
src/concepts/nouns/tobacco.json
src/concepts/nouns/toe.json
src/concepts/nouns/tongue.json
src/concepts/nouns/tool.json
src/concepts/nouns/tooth.json
src/concepts/nouns/tour.json
src/concepts/nouns/tourist.json
src/concepts/nouns/track.json
src/concepts/nouns/train.json
src/concepts/nouns/transfer.json
src/concepts/nouns/trash.json
src/concepts/nouns/travel.json
src/concepts/nouns/treatment.json
src/concepts/nouns/tree.json
src/concepts/nouns/trip.json
src/concepts/nouns/trumpet.json
src/concepts/nouns/truth.json
src/concepts/nouns/tulle.json
src/concepts/nouns/tunturi.json
src/concepts/nouns/turn.json
src/concepts/nouns/tyre.json
src/concepts/nouns/universe.json
src/concepts/nouns/university.json
src/concepts/nouns/update.json
src/concepts/nouns/usage.json
src/concepts/nouns/user.json
src/concepts/nouns/vacation.json
src/concepts/nouns/verb.json
src/concepts/nouns/verokortti.json
src/concepts/nouns/violin.json
src/concepts/nouns/visa.json
src/concepts/nouns/volleyball.json
src/concepts/nouns/vowel.json
src/concepts/nouns/wagon.json
src/concepts/nouns/walk.json
src/concepts/nouns/wardrobe.json
src/concepts/nouns/water.json
src/concepts/nouns/wave.json
src/concepts/nouns/wealth.json
src/concepts/nouns/web.json
src/concepts/nouns/wedding.json
src/concepts/nouns/week.json
src/concepts/nouns/weekend.json
src/concepts/nouns/well-being.json
src/concepts/nouns/west.json
src/concepts/nouns/wolf.json
src/concepts/nouns/woman.json
src/concepts/nouns/wood.json
src/concepts/nouns/work.json
src/concepts/nouns/worker.json
src/concepts/nouns/worm.json
src/concepts/nouns/wrist.json
src/concepts/nouns/writer.json
src/concepts/nouns/year.json
src/concepts/nouns/yoga.json
src/concepts/nouns/youth.json
src/concepts/nouns/zebra.json
src/concepts/numbers/0.json
src/concepts/numbers/1.json
src/concepts/numbers/10.json
src/concepts/numbers/100.json
src/concepts/numbers/1000.json
src/concepts/numbers/1000000.json
src/concepts/numbers/1000000000.json
src/concepts/numbers/11.json
src/concepts/numbers/12.json
src/concepts/numbers/13.json
src/concepts/numbers/14.json
src/concepts/numbers/15.json
src/concepts/numbers/16.json
src/concepts/numbers/17.json
src/concepts/numbers/18.json
src/concepts/numbers/19.json
src/concepts/numbers/2.json
src/concepts/numbers/20.json
src/concepts/numbers/200.json
src/concepts/numbers/2000.json
src/concepts/numbers/2000000.json
src/concepts/numbers/21.json
src/concepts/numbers/22.json
src/concepts/numbers/23.json
src/concepts/numbers/24.json
src/concepts/numbers/3.json
src/concepts/numbers/30.json
src/concepts/numbers/300.json
src/concepts/numbers/4.json
src/concepts/numbers/40.json
src/concepts/numbers/5.json
src/concepts/numbers/50.json
src/concepts/numbers/500000.json
src/concepts/numbers/5000000000.json
src/concepts/numbers/6.json
src/concepts/numbers/60.json
src/concepts/numbers/7.json
src/concepts/numbers/70.json
src/concepts/numbers/8.json
src/concepts/numbers/80.json
src/concepts/numbers/9.json
src/concepts/numbers/90.json
src/concepts/numbers/examples.json
src/concepts/phrases/all together.json
src/concepts/phrases/among other things.json
src/concepts/phrases/and you.json
src/concepts/phrases/anything else.json
src/concepts/phrases/as a matter of fact.json
src/concepts/phrases/bye.json
src/concepts/phrases/cash or card.json
src/concepts/phrases/cheers.json
src/concepts/phrases/congratulations.json
src/concepts/phrases/damn.json
src/concepts/phrases/do you agree.json
src/concepts/phrases/does not concern me.json
src/concepts/phrases/enjoy your meal.json
src/concepts/phrases/ew.json
src/concepts/phrases/excuse me.json
src/concepts/phrases/greeting.json
src/concepts/phrases/happy birthday.json
src/concepts/phrases/have a nice day.json
src/concepts/phrases/help.json
src/concepts/phrases/here you go.json
src/concepts/phrases/how are you.json
src/concepts/phrases/how do you spell that.json
src/concepts/phrases/how old are you.json
src/concepts/phrases/hurray.json
src/concepts/phrases/i don't think so.json
src/concepts/phrases/in my opinion.json
src/concepts/phrases/it was delicious.json
src/concepts/phrases/nice to see you.json
src/concepts/phrases/no.json
src/concepts/phrases/not.json
src/concepts/phrases/ok.json
src/concepts/phrases/see you.json
src/concepts/phrases/she does not feel well.json
src/concepts/phrases/sleep well.json
src/concepts/phrases/so do I.json
src/concepts/phrases/sorry.json
src/concepts/phrases/stop.json
src/concepts/phrases/strange.json
src/concepts/phrases/thanks.json
src/concepts/phrases/that is right.json
src/concepts/phrases/to come towards.json
src/concepts/phrases/to have to rush.json
src/concepts/phrases/very well thank you.json
src/concepts/phrases/welcome.json
src/concepts/phrases/what.json
src/concepts/phrases/who are you.json
src/concepts/phrases/wow.json
src/concepts/phrases/yes.json
src/concepts/phrases/you are welcome.json
src/concepts/phrases/you too.json
src/concepts/pronouns/demonstrative/other.json
src/concepts/pronouns/demonstrative/this.json
src/concepts/pronouns/indefinitive/everyone.json
src/concepts/pronouns/indefinitive/nobody.json
src/concepts/pronouns/indefinitive/nothing.json
src/concepts/pronouns/indefinitive/some.json
src/concepts/pronouns/interrogative/which.json
src/concepts/pronouns/interrogative/who.json
src/concepts/pronouns/reciprocal/each_other.json
src/concepts/pronouns/reflexive/oneself.json
src/concepts/verbs/act.json
src/concepts/verbs/advise.json
src/concepts/verbs/age.json
src/concepts/verbs/agree.json
src/concepts/verbs/apologize.json
src/concepts/verbs/appear.json
src/concepts/verbs/apply.json
src/concepts/verbs/appreciate.json
src/concepts/verbs/arrive.json
src/concepts/verbs/ask.json
src/concepts/verbs/be.json
src/concepts/verbs/become.json
src/concepts/verbs/begin.json
src/concepts/verbs/believe.json
src/concepts/verbs/belong.json
src/concepts/verbs/boat.json
src/concepts/verbs/boil.json
src/concepts/verbs/break.json
src/concepts/verbs/breathe.json
src/concepts/verbs/bring.json
src/concepts/verbs/brush.json
src/concepts/verbs/buy.json
src/concepts/verbs/camp.json
src/concepts/verbs/cancel.json
src/concepts/verbs/care.json
src/concepts/verbs/cause.json
src/concepts/verbs/celebrate.json
src/concepts/verbs/check.json
src/concepts/verbs/choose.json
src/concepts/verbs/chop.json
src/concepts/verbs/close.json
src/concepts/verbs/comb.json
src/concepts/verbs/come.json
src/concepts/verbs/command.json
src/concepts/verbs/concentrate.json
src/concepts/verbs/congratulate.json
src/concepts/verbs/connect.json
src/concepts/verbs/contain.json
src/concepts/verbs/continue.json
src/concepts/verbs/cook.json
src/concepts/verbs/copy.json
src/concepts/verbs/cost.json
src/concepts/verbs/count.json
src/concepts/verbs/cover.json
src/concepts/verbs/cry.json
src/concepts/verbs/cut.json
src/concepts/verbs/dance.json
src/concepts/verbs/date.json
src/concepts/verbs/deal.json
src/concepts/verbs/decide.json
src/concepts/verbs/decorate.json
src/concepts/verbs/demand.json
src/concepts/verbs/descend.json
src/concepts/verbs/design.json
src/concepts/verbs/disappear.json
src/concepts/verbs/dislike.json
src/concepts/verbs/dive.json
src/concepts/verbs/divorce.json
src/concepts/verbs/do.json
src/concepts/verbs/draw.json
src/concepts/verbs/drink.json
src/concepts/verbs/drive.json
src/concepts/verbs/eat.json
src/concepts/verbs/encourage.json
src/concepts/verbs/end.json
src/concepts/verbs/engage.json
src/concepts/verbs/enjoy.json
src/concepts/verbs/estimate.json
src/concepts/verbs/experience.json
src/concepts/verbs/explain.json
src/concepts/verbs/fall.json
src/concepts/verbs/fear.json
src/concepts/verbs/feel.json
src/concepts/verbs/fetch.json
src/concepts/verbs/fill.json
src/concepts/verbs/film.json
src/concepts/verbs/find.json
src/concepts/verbs/fish.json
src/concepts/verbs/flee.json
src/concepts/verbs/forbid.json
src/concepts/verbs/get.json
src/concepts/verbs/give.json
src/concepts/verbs/go.json
src/concepts/verbs/grill.json
src/concepts/verbs/grow.json
src/concepts/verbs/happen.json
src/concepts/verbs/hate.json
src/concepts/verbs/have.json
src/concepts/verbs/hear.json
src/concepts/verbs/help.json
src/concepts/verbs/hinder.json
src/concepts/verbs/hope.json
src/concepts/verbs/hurt.json
src/concepts/verbs/identify.json
src/concepts/verbs/influence.json
src/concepts/verbs/insure.json
src/concepts/verbs/interpret.json
src/concepts/verbs/interrupt.json
src/concepts/verbs/interview.json
src/concepts/verbs/invent.json
src/concepts/verbs/invite.json
src/concepts/verbs/keep.json
src/concepts/verbs/kill.json
src/concepts/verbs/knock.json
src/concepts/verbs/know.json
src/concepts/verbs/laugh.json
src/concepts/verbs/learn.json
src/concepts/verbs/leave.json
src/concepts/verbs/let.json
src/concepts/verbs/lie.json
src/concepts/verbs/like.json
src/concepts/verbs/listen.json
src/concepts/verbs/live.json
src/concepts/verbs/look for.json
src/concepts/verbs/look.json
src/concepts/verbs/lounge.json
src/concepts/verbs/love.json
src/concepts/verbs/lower.json
src/concepts/verbs/make.json
src/concepts/verbs/marry.json
src/concepts/verbs/mean.json
src/concepts/verbs/meet.json
src/concepts/verbs/miss.json
src/concepts/verbs/mourn.json
src/concepts/verbs/move.json
src/concepts/verbs/navigate.json
src/concepts/verbs/need.json
src/concepts/verbs/notice.json
src/concepts/verbs/notify.json
src/concepts/verbs/open.json
src/concepts/verbs/organise.json
src/concepts/verbs/paint.json
src/concepts/verbs/participate.json
src/concepts/verbs/pick.json
src/concepts/verbs/plan.json
src/concepts/verbs/play.json
src/concepts/verbs/practice.json
src/concepts/verbs/prepare.json
src/concepts/verbs/preserve.json
src/concepts/verbs/print.json
src/concepts/verbs/propose.json
src/concepts/verbs/push.json
src/concepts/verbs/queue.json
src/concepts/verbs/quiet.json
src/concepts/verbs/reach.json
src/concepts/verbs/read.json
src/concepts/verbs/realize.json
src/concepts/verbs/reduce.json
src/concepts/verbs/reimburse.json
src/concepts/verbs/relax.json
src/concepts/verbs/rent.json
src/concepts/verbs/request.json
src/concepts/verbs/reserve.json
src/concepts/verbs/return.json
src/concepts/verbs/ride.json
src/concepts/verbs/run.json
src/concepts/verbs/save.json
src/concepts/verbs/say.json
src/concepts/verbs/scan.json
src/concepts/verbs/search.json
src/concepts/verbs/see.json
src/concepts/verbs/seem.json
src/concepts/verbs/send.json
src/concepts/verbs/settle.json
src/concepts/verbs/sew.json
src/concepts/verbs/shop.json
src/concepts/verbs/shout.json
src/concepts/verbs/show.json
src/concepts/verbs/sit.json
src/concepts/verbs/ski.json
src/concepts/verbs/sleep.json
src/concepts/verbs/smell.json
src/concepts/verbs/sound.json
src/concepts/verbs/speak.json
src/concepts/verbs/speech.json
src/concepts/verbs/spend.json
src/concepts/verbs/start.json
src/concepts/verbs/stay.json
src/concepts/verbs/steal.json
src/concepts/verbs/stink.json
src/concepts/verbs/stop.json
src/concepts/verbs/stretch.json
src/concepts/verbs/study.json
src/concepts/verbs/suffice.json
src/concepts/verbs/suit.json
src/concepts/verbs/supervise.json
src/concepts/verbs/surprise.json
src/concepts/verbs/swap.json
src/concepts/verbs/swim.json
src/concepts/verbs/take.json
src/concepts/verbs/tarjeta.json
src/concepts/verbs/taste.json
src/concepts/verbs/teach.json
src/concepts/verbs/tell.json
src/concepts/verbs/think.json
src/concepts/verbs/throw.json
src/concepts/verbs/train.json
src/concepts/verbs/translate.json
src/concepts/verbs/try.json
src/concepts/verbs/turn.json
src/concepts/verbs/understand.json
src/concepts/verbs/use.json
src/concepts/verbs/vastoa.json
src/concepts/verbs/visit.json
src/concepts/verbs/wake up.json
src/concepts/verbs/walk.json
src/concepts/verbs/want.json
src/concepts/verbs/write.json
src/languages/__init__.py
src/languages/iana-language-subtag-registry.txt
src/languages/spelling_alternatives.json
src/toisto/__init__.py
src/toisto/app.py
src/toisto/match.py
src/toisto/metadata.py
src/toisto/py.typed
src/toisto/tools.py
src/toisto.egg-info/PKG-INFO
src/toisto.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
src/toisto.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
src/toisto.egg-info/entry_points.txt
src/toisto.egg-info/requires.txt
src/toisto.egg-info/top_level.txt
src/toisto/command/__init__.py
src/toisto/command/configure.py
src/toisto/command/practice.py
src/toisto/command/self.py
src/toisto/command/show_progress.py
src/toisto/model/__init__.py
src/toisto/model/filter.py
src/toisto/model/language/__init__.py
src/toisto/model/language/concept.py
src/toisto/model/language/concept_factory.py
src/toisto/model/language/grammatical_category.py
src/toisto/model/language/grammatical_form.py
src/toisto/model/language/iana_language_subtag_registry.py
src/toisto/model/language/label.py
src/toisto/model/language/label_factory.py
src/toisto/model/language/translation.py
src/toisto/model/quiz/__init__.py
src/toisto/model/quiz/evaluation.py
src/toisto/model/quiz/progress.py
src/toisto/model/quiz/quiz.py
src/toisto/model/quiz/quiz_factory.py
src/toisto/model/quiz/quiz_type.py
src/toisto/model/quiz/retention.py
src/toisto/persistence/__init__.py
src/toisto/persistence/concept_loader.py
src/toisto/persistence/config.py
src/toisto/persistence/folder.py
src/toisto/persistence/iana_language_subtag_registry.py
src/toisto/persistence/identifier_registry.py
src/toisto/persistence/json_file.py
src/toisto/persistence/progress.py
src/toisto/persistence/progress_format.py
src/toisto/persistence/spelling_alternatives.py
src/toisto/ui/__init__.py
src/toisto/ui/cli.py
src/toisto/ui/dictionary.py
src/toisto/ui/diff.py
src/toisto/ui/format.py
src/toisto/ui/speech.py
src/toisto/ui/style.py
src/toisto/ui/text.py