LICENSE.txt
README.md
pyproject.toml
setup.cfg
z4d_certified_devices/__init__.py
z4d_certified_devices/version.py
z4d_certified_devices.egg-info/PKG-INFO
z4d_certified_devices.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
z4d_certified_devices.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
z4d_certified_devices.egg-info/top_level.txt
z4d_certified_devices.egg-info/zip-safe
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/README.md
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Adeo/LDSENK01F.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Adeo/LDSENK02F.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Adeo/LDSENK08.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Adeo/LDSENK10.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Adeo/LXEK-1.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Adeo/LXEK-2.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Adeo/LXEK-7.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Adeo/SIN-4-1-20_LEX.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Adeo/SIN-4-FP-21_EQU.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Adeo/SIN-4-RS-20_LEX.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Adeo/ZBEK-13.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Adeo/ZBEK-14.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Adeo/ZBEK-3.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Aeotec/aeotec-button.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Aeotec/aeotec-water.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Airzone/Aidoo Zigbee.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Aotec/WG001-Z01.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Awox/EGLO_ZM_RGB_TW.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Awox/TLSR82xx.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Bitron/90201021A.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Bitron/90201021B.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Bitron/90201022.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Bitron/90201024.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Bitron/AV201021B.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Bitron/AV201024A.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Bitron/AV201029A.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/CLEODE/ZHUM.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/CLEODE/ZMOVE.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/CLEODE/ZPLUG.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Candeo/Candeo Zigbee Dimmer.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Candeo/HK-DIM-A.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Casa.ia/CAC221.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Casa.ia/CCB432.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Casa.ia/CDWS312.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Casa.ia/CKF204.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Casa.ia/CKF205.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Casa.ia/CMS323.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Casa.ia/CPB206.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Casa.ia/CPC321.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Casa.ia/CPR412-E.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Casa.ia/CPR412.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Casa.ia/CSAC451-E.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Casa.ia/CSAC451-WTC-E.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Casa.ia/CSLC601-D-E.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Casa.ia/CSLC601-E.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Casa.ia/CSLC631-3.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Casa.ia/CSP403.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Casa.ia/CTHS317ET.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Casa.ia/Dual_Relay_Module.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Chameleon/ERL Z3.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Chameleon/MWA1-TIC-historique-mono-base.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Chameleon/MWA1-TIC-historique-mono-ejp.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Chameleon/MWA1-TIC-historique-mono-hchp.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Chameleon/MWA1-TIC-historique-mono-tempo.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Chameleon/MWA1-TIC-standard-mono-base.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Chameleon/MWA1-TIC.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Custom/LYWSD03MMC.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Danalock/V3-BTZB.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Danfoss/RV001.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Danfoss/eT093WRG.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Danfoss/eT093WRO.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Danfoss/eTRV0100.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Develco/AQSZB-110.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Develco/EMIZB-141.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Develco/HESZB120.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Develco/HMSZB-110.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Develco/IOMZB-110.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Develco/MOSZB-140.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Develco/SMSZB-120.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Develco/SPLZB-131.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Develco/SPLZB-132.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Develco/WISZB-120.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Develco/ZHEMI101.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/ENKI-LEXMAN/LXEK-1.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/ENKI-LEXMAN/LXEK-2.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/ENKI-LEXMAN/LXEK-7.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/EcoDim/Dimmer-Switch-ZB3.0.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/EcoDim/Eco-Dim.07Eco-Dim.10.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/EcoDim/EcoDim-Zigbee 3.0.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Eurotronics/SPZB0001.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/GammaTroniques/TICMeter.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Gledopto/GL-B-003P.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Gledopto/GL-B-004P.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Gledopto/GL-B-007Z.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Gledopto/GL-B-008Z.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Gledopto/GL-B-008ZS.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Gledopto/GL-C-007-2ID.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Gledopto/GL-C-007.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Gledopto/GL-C-008.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Gledopto/GL-C-008S.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Gledopto/GL-C-008Z.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Gledopto/GL-C-009.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Gledopto/GL-D-003Z.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Gledopto/GL-FL-004TZS.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Gledopto/GL-MC-001.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Gledopto/GL-S-007ZS.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Gledopto/GL-SD-003P.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Gledopto/GLEDOPTO.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Heiman/COSensor-EF-3.0.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Heiman/COSensor-EM.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Heiman/COSensor-N.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Heiman/CO_V15.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Heiman/CO_YDLV10.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Heiman/DoorBell-EF-3.0.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Heiman/GASSensor-EF-3.0.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Heiman/GAS_V15.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Heiman/HS3AQ-EFA-3.0.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Heiman/RC-EF-3.0.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Heiman/RC-EM.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Heiman/SMOK_V16.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Heiman/SMOK_YDLV10.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Heiman/SRHMP-I1.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Heiman/SceneSwitch-EM-3.0.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Heiman/SmartPlug.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Heiman/SmokeSensor-EF-3.0.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Heiman/SmokeSensor-EM.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Heiman/SmokeSensor-N-3.0.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Heiman/SmokeSensor-N.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Heiman/TS0216.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Heiman/WarningDevice-EF-3.0.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Heiman/WarningDevice.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Heiman/WaterSensor-EF-3.0.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Hobeian/ZG-222Z.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Hobeian/ZG-223Z.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Hobeian/ZG-227Z.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Hobeian/ZG-303Z.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Icasa/ICZB-R12D.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Idinio/Dimmer-Switch-ZB3.0.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/FLOALT panel WS 30x90.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/FLOALT panel WS 60x60.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/FYRTUR block-out roller blind.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/INSPELNING Smart plug.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/KADRILJ roller blind.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/PARASOLL DoorWindow Sensor.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/RODRET Dimmer.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/RODRET wireless dimmer.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/Remote Control N2.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/STARKVIND Air purifier.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/STOFTMOLN ceilingwall lamp WW24.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRI Driver 10W.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRI Driver 30W.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRI SHORTCUT Button.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRI Signal Repeater.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRI bulb E12 WS opal 400lm.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRI bulb E14 CWS globe 806lm.json.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRI bulb E14 W opch 400lm.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRI bulb E14 WS 470lm.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRI bulb E14 WS globe 470lm.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRI bulb E14 WS opal 400lm.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRI bulb E14 WS opal 600lm.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRI bulb E26 WS clear 950lm.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRI bulb E26 WS opal 980lm.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRI bulb E27 CWS 806lm.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRI bulb E27 CWS opal 600lm.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRI bulb E27 W opal 1000lm.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRI bulb E27 W opal 470lm.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRI bulb E27 WS clear 806lm.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRI bulb E27 WS clear 950lm.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRI bulb E27 WS globe 1055lm.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRI bulb E27 WS opal 1000lm.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRI bulb E27 WS opal 950lm.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRI bulb E27 WS opal 980lm.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRI bulb E27 WW 806lm.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRI bulb E27 WW G95 CL 470lm.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRI bulb E27 WW clear 250lm.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRI bulb E27 opal 1000lm.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRI bulb E27 opal 470lm.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRI bulb GU10 W 400lm.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRI bulb GU10 WS 345lm.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRI bulb GU10 WS 400lm.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRI bulb GU10 WW 345lm.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRI bulb GU10 WW 400lm.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRI control outlet.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRI motion sensor.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRI onoff switch.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRI openclose remote.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRI remote control.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRI transformer 10W.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRI wireless dimmer.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRIbulbE14WScandleopal470lm.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRIbulbE14WSglobeopal470lm.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRIbulbE14WWclear250lm.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRIbulbE27WSglobeopal1055lm.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRIbulbE27WWG95CL470lm_IKEAofSweden.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRIbulbE27WWclear250lm.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRIbulbGU10WS345lm.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRADFRIbulbT120E27WSopal470lm.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/TRETAKT Smart plug.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ikea/VINDSTYRKA.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Iluminize/511.201.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Iluminize/5120.1200.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Innr/OSL 130 C.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Innr/OSP 210.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Innr/PL 110.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Innr/PL 115.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Innr/RB 248 T.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Innr/RB 285 C.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Innr/SP 120.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Innr/SP 220.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Konke/3AFE140103020000.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Konke/3AFE14010402000D.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Konke/3AFE170100510001.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Konke/3AFE220103020000.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Konke/3AFE28010402000D.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LIVOLO/TI0001.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LS-Deutschland-GmbH/Emotion.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.airmonitor.acn01.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.ctrl_86plug.aq1.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.ctrl_86plug.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.ctrl_ln2.aq1.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.ctrl_ln2.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.ctrl_neutral1.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.ctrl_neutral2.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.curtain.acn002.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.flood.agl02.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.light.aqcn02.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.lock.v1.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.magnet.acn001.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.magnet.agl02.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.motion.ac01.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.motion.ac02.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.plug.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.plug.maeu01.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.plug.mmeu01.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.relay.c2acn01.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.remote.acn003.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.remote.acn004.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.remote.b186acn01.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.remote.b186acn02.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.remote.b1acn01.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.remote.b286acn01.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.remote.b286acn02.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.remote.b286opcn01-bulb.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.remote.b286opcn01.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.remote.b28ac1.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.remote.b486opcn01-bulb.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.remote.b486opcn01.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.remote.b686opcn01-bulb.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.remote.b686opcn01.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.router.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.sen_ill.agl01.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.sen_ill.mgl01.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.sens.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.sensor_86sw1.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.sensor_86sw2.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.sensor_cube.aqgl01.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.sensor_cube.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.sensor_ht.agl02.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.sensor_ht.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.sensor_magnet.acn001.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.sensor_magnet.aq2.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.sensor_magnet.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.sensor_motion.aq2.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.sensor_motion.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.sensor_natgas.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.sensor_smoke.acn03.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.sensor_smoke.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.sensor_swit.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.sensor_switch.aq2.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.sensor_switch.aq3.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.sensor_switch.aq3t.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.sensor_switch.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.sensor_wleak.aq1.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.switch.acn047.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.switch.b1lacn02.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.switch.b2lacn02.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.switch.b2lc04.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.switch.l0agl1.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.switch.l1aeu1.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.switch.l2aeu1.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.switch.n0agl1.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.switch.n1aeu1.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.vibration.aq1.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/LUMI/lumi.weather.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Legrand/Cable outlet.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Legrand/Connected outlet.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Legrand/DIN power consumption module.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Legrand/Dimmer switch wo neutral evo.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Legrand/Dimmer switch wo neutral.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Legrand/Double gangs remote switch.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Legrand/Micromodule switch.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Legrand/Mobile outlet.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Legrand/Remote motion sensor.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Legrand/Remote switch Wake up Sleep.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Legrand/Remote switch.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Legrand/Remote toggle switch.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Legrand/Shutter switch with neutral.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Legrand/Shutters central remote switch.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Legrand/Teleruptor.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Lixee/WS2812_light_controller.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Lixee/ZLinky_TIC-historique-mono.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Lixee/ZLinky_TIC-historique-tri.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Lixee/ZLinky_TIC-standard-mono-prod.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Lixee/ZLinky_TIC-standard-mono.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Lixee/ZLinky_TIC-standard-tri-prod.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Lixee/ZLinky_TIC-standard-tri.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Lixee/ZLinky_TIC.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Lixee/ZiPulses.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Lixee/Zigate-Router.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Namron/4512737.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Nexturn/VOC_Sensor.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Nodon/SIN-4-1-20.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Nodon/SIN-4-1-21.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Nodon/SIN-4-FP-21.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Nodon/SIN-4-RS-20.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Nodon/SIN-4-RS-20_PRO.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Nodon/STPH-4-1-00.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Nodon/TRV-4-1-00.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/OSRAM/CLA60 TW OSRAM.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/OSRAM/Classic A60 W clear - LIGHTIFY.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/OSRAM/LEDVANCE DIM.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/OSRAM/LIGHTIFY Indoor Flex RGBW.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/OSRAM/LIGHTIFY Outdoor Flex RGBW.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/OSRAM/Lightify Switch Mini.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/OSRAM/PAR 16 50 RGBW - LIGHTIFY.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/OSRAM/PAR16 50 TW.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/OSRAM/Plug 01.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/OSRAM/Plug Z3.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Orvibo/396483ce8b3f4e0d8e9d79079a35a420.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Orvibo/3c4e4fc81ed442efaf69353effcdfc5f.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Orvibo/50938c4c3c0b4049923cd5afbc151bde.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Orvibo/82c167c95ed746cdbd21d6817f72c593.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Orvibo/898ca74409a740b28d5841661e72268d.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Others/BDP3001.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Others/Dimmablelight.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Others/FB56-ZCW08KU1.1.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Others/FNB56-ZCW25FB1.6.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Others/FNB56-ZCW25FB2.1.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Others/FNB56-ZSW01LX2.0.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Others/FNB56-ZSW02LX2.0.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Others/Lamp_01.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Others/NUET56-DL27LX1.1.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Others/Polo-Frisquet.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Others/SA-003-Zigbee.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Others/VMS_ADUROLIGHT.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Others/ZB-CL01.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Others/ZB-CT01.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Others/ZB-ONOFFPlug-D0005.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Others/ZB-SW01.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Others/ZB-SW02.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Owon/AC201A.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Owon/AC211.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Owon/AC221.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Owon/CB432.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Owon/DWS312-E.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Owon/DWS312.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Owon/KF204.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Owon/KF205.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Owon/OCP305.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Owon/OPS_305.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Owon/PB206.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Owon/PC321.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Owon/PCT512.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Owon/PIR313-E.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Owon/PIR313.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Owon/PIR323-A.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Owon/PIR323-PTH.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Owon/PIR323.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Owon/PR412.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Owon/THS317-ET.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Owon/THS317.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Owon/VBS308.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Owon/WSP402.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Philips/1744130P7.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Philips/440400982841.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Philips/440400982842.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Philips/5041131P9.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Philips/929002376101.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Philips/929003052501_01.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Philips/929003052501_02.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Philips/929003053301_01.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Philips/929003053301_02.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Philips/929003054701.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Philips/LCA001.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Philips/LCT001.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Philips/LCT003.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Philips/LCT007.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Philips/LCT010.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Philips/LCT015.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Philips/LCT024.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Philips/LLC010.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Philips/LOM001.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Philips/LOM002.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Philips/LOM008.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Philips/LST002.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Philips/LTA001.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Philips/LTC001.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Philips/LTG002.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Philips/LTW001.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Philips/LTW004.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Philips/LTW010.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Philips/LTW012.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Philips/LTW013.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Philips/LWA001.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Philips/LWA004.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Philips/LWA009.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Philips/LWA018.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Philips/LWB006.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Philips/LWB010.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Philips/LWE004.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Philips/LWG004.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Philips/LWO001.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Philips/ROM001.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Philips/RWL021.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Philips/RWL022.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Philips/SML001.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Philips/SML002.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Philips/SML003.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Philips/SML004.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Profalux/122-120-12-2.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Profalux/BSO-Profalux.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Profalux/MAI-ZTS.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Profalux/MOT-C1Z06C.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Profalux/MOT-C1Z06F.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Profalux/Telecommande-Profalux.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Profalux/Volet-Profalux.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Profalux/VoletBSO-Profalux.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Robb-Smarrt/ROB_200-004-0.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Robb-Smarrt/ROB_200-017-0.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/SALUS/SPE600.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Samotech/SM309.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Schneider/1GANGSHUTTER1.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Schneider/CCT592011_AS.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Schneider/CCTFR6700.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Schneider/EH-ZB-BMS.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Schneider/EH-ZB-HACT.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Schneider/EH-ZB-LMACT.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Schneider/EH-ZB-RTS.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Schneider/EH-ZB-SPD-V2.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Schneider/EH-ZB-SPD.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Schneider/EH-ZB-VACT.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Schneider/NHPBSHUTTER1.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Schneider/PUCKDIMMER1.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Schneider/PUCKSHUTTER1.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Schneider/PUCKSWITCH1.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Schneider/SOCKETOUTLET1.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Schneider/SOCKETOUTLET2.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Schneider/Wiser2-Thermostat.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Schneider/iTRV.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/SmartThings/outletv4.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Somfy/Linky Energy Sensor.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Sonoff/01MINIZB.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Sonoff/66666-motion.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Sonoff/66666-temphumi.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Sonoff/66666.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Sonoff/BASICZBR3.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Sonoff/CK-BL702-SWP-01(7020).json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Sonoff/DONGLE-E_R.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Sonoff/DS-01.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Sonoff/DS01.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Sonoff/MS01.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Sonoff/MSO1.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Sonoff/S26R2ZB.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Sonoff/SA-030-1.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Sonoff/SNZB-01P.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Sonoff/SNZB-02.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Sonoff/SNZB-02D.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Sonoff/SNZB-02LD.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Sonoff/SNZB-02P.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Sonoff/SNZB-03P.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Sonoff/SNZB-04P.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Sonoff/SNZB-06P.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Sonoff/SWV.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Sonoff/TH01.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Sonoff/TRVZB.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Sonoff/WB-01.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Sonoff/WB01.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Sonoff/ZBMINI-L.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Sonoff/ZBMINI-L2.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Sonoff/ZBMINIL2.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Sonoff/ZBMINIR2.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Sonoff/ZBMicro.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Sunricher/HK-SENSOR-4IN1-A.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Sunricher/HK-SL-DIM-A.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Sunricher/ZG2858A.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Sunricher/ZG9101SAC-HP.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Sunricher/ZGRC-KEY-013.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/TDURM0D01/ZBT-Remote-ALL-RGBW.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/TDURM0D01/tint-ExtendedColor.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/TDURM0D01/tint-Remote-white.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/TUYATEC/RH3001.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/TUYATEC/RH3040.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/TUYATEC/RH3052.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/ME201WZ.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TLC2206-ZB-EU.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0001.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0002.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0002_relay_switch.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0003-QS-Zigbee-S05-LN.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0003.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0003_relay_switch.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0004-_TZ3000_excgg5kb.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0004-_TZ3000_u3oupgdy.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0004-relay_switch.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0004.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS000F-Power.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS000F-TYZGTH4CH-D1RF.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS000F.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0011-manufs.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0011.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0012-manufs.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0012.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0013-manufs.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0013.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0041.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0042.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0043.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0044.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0046.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS004F-_TZ3000_xabckq1v.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS004F.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0112.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0115.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS011F-2Gang-switches.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS011F-2gang-plug.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS011F-_TZ3000_zmy1waw6.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS011F-din.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS011F-multiprise.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS011F-plug-Elivco.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS011F-plug.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS011F-with_threshold.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS011F.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0121.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0201-Temp-Humi-10.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0201-Temp-Humi-IH-K009.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0201-_TZ3000_mxzo5rhf.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0201-_TZ3000_qaaysllp.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0201.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0202-WHD02.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0202-_TZ3210_jijr1sss.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0202.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0203.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0205.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0207-extender.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0207-rain-detector.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0207-waterleak.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0210.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0211.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0212.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0215A-secure-remote.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0215A-sos.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0219.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0222.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0224.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0225.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0302.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0502A.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0502B.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0503B.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0505A-HueSaturation.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0505A.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0505B.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-2Gangs-dimmer.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-2Gangs-switch.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-BAB-1413Pro-E.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-BLE-YL01.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-Clamp-Meter.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-Energy.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-Human-Presence.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-Irrigation-Valve.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-Luminance-Door.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-ME168.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-Moes-Curtain.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-PC311-Z-TY.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-PC321-Z-TY.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-PJ-1203A.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-Parkside-Watering-Timer.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-Ronelabs-SEM101.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-Ronelabs-SEM301.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-SZ-T04.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-Smart-CO.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-Smart-Energy-1P+N.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-SmartAir.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-SmartAirHouseKeeper.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-Solar-Siren.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-WZ-M100-C.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-XOCA-DAC2161C.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-ZBN-J-63.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-ZDMS16-1.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-_TZE200_b6wax7g0.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-_TZE200_chyvmhay.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-_TZE200_dzuqwsyg.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-_TZE200_nklqjk62.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-_TZE200_t1blo2bj.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-curtain.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-dimmer.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-eTRV.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-eTRV1.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-eTRV2.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-eTRV3.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-eTRV5.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-eTRV6.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-eTRV7.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-mWave-radar.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-motion.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-photoelectric-smoke.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-radar.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-sirene.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-sirene2.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-smoke.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-soil-sensor.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-soil-sensor_3.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-switch.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-temphumi-2.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-temphumi.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-temphumix10.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-thermostat.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS0601-vibration.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS1001.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS110E-SMD-02Z.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS110E-_QS-Zigbee-D02-TRIAC-LN.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS110E-_TZ3210_weaqkhab.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS110F-2gang-dimmer.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS110F-_TYZB01_qezuin6k.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS110F-_TZ3000_ktuoyvt5.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS110F-dimmer.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS130F-Blind.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS130F-_TZ3000_1dd0d5yi-Blind.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS130F-_TZ3000_1dd0d5yi-Vanne.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS130F-_TZ3000_1dd0d5yi.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS130F-_TZ3000_5iixzdo7.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS130F-_TZ3000_8kzqqzu4.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS130F-_TZ3000_dph3rpss.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS130F-_TZ3000_femsaaua.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS130F-_TZ3000_fvhunhxb.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TS130F-_TZ3000_zirycpws.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TY0201.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/TY0202.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/ZG-223.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/fvq6avy.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/ivfvd7h.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Tuya/kud7u2l.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Woolley/SA-029-1.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Woolley/Z111PL0H-1JX.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ynoa/ZBT-CCTLight-A0001.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ynoa/ZBT-CCTLight-GU100001.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ysrai/ZB-CL01.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ysrai/ZB-CT01.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ysrai/ZB-DL01.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ysrai/ZB-SW01.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Ysrai/ZB-SW02.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Zehnder/TAFFETAS2 D1.00P1.01Z1.00.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/Zemismart/LXN56-DC27LX1.1.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/eWeLink/CK-BL702-AL-01(7009_Z102LG03-1).json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/eWeLink/SA-003-Zigbee.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/eWeLink/SA-030-1.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/eWeLink/SWITCH-ZR02.json
z4d_certified_devices/Certified/eWeLink/SWITCH-ZR03-1.json