**Hud Technology Inc ("Hud") IDE/SDK License**


ANY AND ALL USE OF HUD'S PROPRIETARY SOLUTIONS KNOWN AS HUD SDKS, HUD 
IDE EXTENSIONS AND PLUGINS AND WEB APPLICATIONS ("**SOLUTION**") IS 
SUBJECT TO: (I) FULL REGISTRATION AT [HTTPS://APP.HUD.IO](https://app.hud.io/); 
(II) ACCEPTANCE OF THE HUD LICENSE TERMS EMAILED TO YOUR ORGANIZATION 
BY HUD UPON COMPLETION OF THE REGISTRATION ("**TERMS**") AND (II) 
INSTALLATION IN FULL OF THE SOLUTION. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE 
TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SOLUTION.

Without derogating from the foregoing:

Until final registration, installation and acceptance of the Terms you 
may not use the Solution in any manner whatsoever including without 
limitation: modify, enhance, create derivative works, decompile, 
dissemble, reverse engineer, commercialize, make publicly available, 
distribute, copy, reproduce, rent, lease, lend, use, translate, 
reproduce, publish, market, license, sublicense, assign, sell, pledge, 
resell or otherwise use the Solution in any manner. Hud’s privacy 
practices are governed by Hud's Privacy Policy available at 
https://www.hud.io/privacy-policy.

THE SOLUTION IS HUD PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL. THE SOLUTION AND ALL 
IMPROVEMENTS, ENHANCEMENTS, FEEDBACK AND DERIVATIVES THEREOF AND ALL 
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS IN CONNECTION THEREWITH ("**HUD IPR**") 
ARE EXCLUSIVELY OWNED BY HUD AND/OR ITS LICENSORS. THIS AGREEMENT DOES 
NOT CONVEY TO YOU ANY RIGHT, TITLE OR INTEREST IN THE HUD IPR. HUD ITS 
AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, LICENSORS AND/OR SUPPLIERS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE 
UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY WHETHER CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, FOR ANY 
DAMAGES WHATSOEVER.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, any third-party software 
provided as part of or with the Solution is solely governed by its 
respective license terms made available to you as part of the download 
process and/or clicking “install” for the respective part of the 
Solution in any of the following: 
[https://pypi.org/project/hud-sdk/](https://pypi.org/project/hud-sdk/#description)
